Hurry.
By secret order of the Empress Dowager,
go to All-Knowing Manor to track down the murderer.
Go.
Give them the Poison-Warding Pills.
Yes.
I'm here. Where are you?
How is it?
Did you get the item?
The killer couldn't silently
move the body immediately.
So they hid the body here first.
This path is behind the kitchen.
Except for servants and laborers,
guests going to the main hall would never pass by here.
At night when everyone was asleep,
heaven helped,
and it started raining again.
The rain could not only mask the sound of moving the body,
but also wash away the evidence.
However, it was precisely because of this rain
that a trail of rut marks was left on the road.
And the bloody characters on the wall
were not written with Sixth Lord's blood,
but with blood drained from killing a chicken here.
That's right.
Writing with chicken blood...
if discovered, all efforts would be wasted.
So, the killer set fire to the room
to destroy the evidence.
So, who exactly is the killer?
Brother A-Liang,
be patient.
The killer
will appear very soon.
Look at this.
This handwriting...
Dali Temple has a copy
of a letter Huang Cui wrote personally to the Lord back then.
This is a piece cut from it.
Although the handwriting is slightly different,
from the brush strokes and writing habits,
one can still see
that it matches the bloody characters in Sixth Lord's room.
They came from the same hand.
As expected,
Huang Cui is still in the manor.
Correct.
And she is among Xiao Bai, Fourth Lady,
and the Young Master.
You still suspect Fourth Lady?
I suspect them all.
But her suspicion is the greatest.
But would Fourth Lady need to, in her own room,
fake a locked-room murder?
It's hot.
Be careful.
Don't stack them together.
Spread them out.
Master Kun,
do you know about water torture?
You mean...
the Paper Mask?
It seems we have to go to Fourth Lady's place again.
When we came this morning,
there was moisture on the table legs.
It means the things burned contained moisture.
Master Kun.
You...
What are you doing?
Just cooperate a bit.
If the killer took advantage of Ding Da being fast asleep,
took a sheet of paper,
and covered his face with it...
Master Kun,
hold your breath.
Then poured water
little by little onto the paper.
Cover with a sheet of paper,
pour water once.
Cover with another sheet,
pour water again.
Look.
This is why
there was no weapon, but there was water vapor.
Now,
as long as we figure out how this locked room was created,
and how the killer got in and out,
this case will be solved.
The sky is quite beautiful.
Yellow clouds turning waves in the nine heavens.
Isn't that right now?
You mean...
"Yellow clouds" refers to dusk?
Are you two watching the sunset?
If you really want to see the sunset,
there is a better place in the Manor than here.
Then may I ask, Miss Xiaobai,
where is the best spot to view the sunset
in the Manor?
Could you take us to see it?
Follow me.
The Manor is divided in two by the Chi River.
We are on the north bank,
which is further divided into the East and West Courtyards.
The Wanxiang Pavilion in the West Courtyard
is the only place in the Manor
where you can see the last glimpse of the sunset.
Here we are.
Isn't this Wanxiang Pavilion?
Has anyone else gone upstairs to watch the sunset?
To be honest, Miracle Doctor Du,
the treasures on the first floor of Wanxiang Pavilion
are all common items.
The treasure on the second floor is this very scenery of "yellow clouds".
So the Manor's distinguished guests have all been invited by the Master
to come up here and watch the clouds.
So,
everyone else has figured out the first line of the poem?
They all figured it out.
It seems only you two, master and disciple,
are not interested in cracking the code.
However, everyone only guessed the first line.
They are still clueless about the rest.
The Miracle Doctor is brilliant.
You will surely be the first to figure it out.
This way, please.
When did you two get so close?
Look.
Looking out from here,
you can see the sunset perfectly.
It's truly beautiful.
This is the best spot in the Manor to watch the sunset.
Viewing heaven and earth,
holding hands to pluck the sun and moon.
Admiring flower shadows, a square inch holds the mortal world.
That's quite a boast.
The Master gave this to his wife back then.
This couplet is how they pledged their love.
The Master hoped to accompany his wife,
to watch heaven and earth,
admire the beautiful scenery,
and spend their whole lives like that.
But I didn't expect it to be so dilapidated now.
He is a sentimental man.
Flower shadows.
Water Immortal.
Heaven calls forth the Water Immortal.
Are there "Water Immortals" in this Manor?
There are no "Water Immortals".
But there are lotuses.
Over there.
This is the Lotus Garden.
The Madam loved lotuses.
During summer dusks,
standing upstairs in Wanxiang Pavilion,
one could perfectly admire
the beautiful scenery of the sunset shining on the Lotus Garden.
So "Heaven calls forth the Water Immortal"
refers to the Lotus Garden.
These lotuses
are the "flower shadows" in the couplet.
Then why is the lotus pond gone?
After the Madam passed away,
the Master was grief-stricken.
He didn't want to be reminded of her by these things,
so this place was abandoned.
Only these four plants in the vat were kept.
Made by the Master himself.
If he didn't want to be reminded of her,
he could just not come here.
A man who loves his wife,
how could he let her favorite Lotus Garden go to ruin?
Apart from these,
there is nothing else.
Perhaps
the meaning of "Immortal points the way to the Book of Longevity"
lies within this garden.
My respects, Gonggong.
The secret message...
How far have you decoded it?
I am dull-witted.
I have only decoded the first two lines.
What about the others?
And Ye Li?
Due to the sudden murders at the Manor,
everyone has been distracted.
We have only decoded up to this line.
However, I...
...have already destroyed the All-Knowing Manor's...
...entire supply of Poison-Warding Pills.
Now only we can come and go freely.
Do you intend to go there personally, Gonggong?
To make a trip...
...would do no harm.
If I do not see him beheaded with my own eyes,
then the Jingzhao Yin died in vain.
We're here.
Let's go check the roof of Si Niang's room.
Come on up.
Master Kun.
How am I supposed to get up there?
I don't know martial arts!
How about...
...since you are my good apprentice...
...you come down and carry me up?
Master Kun, I'm afraid of heights!
I say, can't you tread a little lighter?
Look there. Someone moved the tiles.
It must be right here.
You mean to say...
...the killer struck from the roof...
...to murder Ding Da?